hmm
monarch is on the cusp of being shut
down brooks we're broke
it's a satellite photo of an uncharted
island in the south pacific
it has defied discovery until now
skull island the land where god did not
finish creation
i believe there's an ecosystem out there
the likes of which we can't imagine
tomorrow night the russian knows that
passes over this sector and in three
days
they're gonna have the same images we
have that almost makes sense
thank you i'm going to need a military
escort i'm here to execute whatever
orders i'm giving sir
scientists called landsat discovered a
new island on their satellite
they need helicopter transport for a
survey job
an uncharted island i want five times
that
plus a bonus if we make it back if
only satellite images so we need someone
like you
with your skill your unique expertise in
uncharted jungle terrain
1800 tomorrow thank you i really owe you
when three sources tell you the same
thing word for word you know they're
lying the island is surrounded by a
perpetual storm system
allowing it to remain hidden from the
outside world flying over the south
shore and then strategically drop
seismic charges to better help us
understand the density up here three
days later
refuel team will meet us here on the
north end of the island that may be our
only safe departure window for an
unknown period of time
the bedrock is practically hollow
[Music]
five
prepare to crash
[Music]
how many left there's seven survivors
you are going to tell me everything i
don't know
my agency is known as monarch we
specialize in the hunt for massive
unidentified terrestrial organisms
planet doesn't belong to us
ancient species own this earth long
before
mankind that there are these massive
underground
spaces isolated from the surface world
oh no no need for that come on now
lieutenant hank marlow the 45th
you probably noticed a lot of weird
things on this island
if you like your hands don't touch
anything
some of the things they were afraid of
started protecting them against the
things that were eating them
this is where they honor the last of
their saviors
that's calm
comb's god on the island but the devils
live below us those bombs woke up a
bunch of them
you don't want to wake up the big one
how long's the last of his kind but he's
still growing gunpay spent six years of
our lives building this thing
this mission to the crash site is
folly you don't like the way i'm running
things
i know an enemy when i see it
yes this is goodbye
thank you
[Music]
i got a son out there grown man i've
never met
anyone out there hey this is fox 5 we're
here
i thought you were crazy i wish i had
west we can't go west
that's where those skull things live
oh [ __ ]
[Music]
chapman is dead we're still going to
that crash site what's at that crash
site that you want so badly
weapons enough to kill it because the
only thing keeping the lizard things in
the ground you're gonna get us all
killed
off you'll find your sea stallion three
clicks up that ridge
now i'm gonna take these civilians back
to the boat saddle up
let's go kill this thing
let's be around that bend
wait for us till dawn if we're not back
by then
just go we're going to save
don't do it put it down sir
that's the big one
[Music]
this is the edge of the island weaver
get up on those rocks and fight
[Music]
uh
so
[Music]
welcome to the monarch
this island is just the beginning kong
is not the only king
[Music]
you